IOS-XR interface model (#1)
ansible-network/resource_module_models: models/iosxr/interfaces/deleted_example_01.txt

# Using deleted

# Before state:
# -------------
#
# viosxr#show running-config interface
# interface GigabitEthernet0/0/0/1
#  shutdown
# !
# interface GigabitEthernet0/0/0/2
#  description Configured and Overridden by Ansible Network
#  vrf custB
#  ipv4 address 178.18.169.23 255.255.255.0
#  speed 1000
#  dot1q native vlan 30
# !
# interface GigabitEthernet0/0/0/3
#  description Configured and Overridden by Ansible Network
#  mtu 2000
#  vrf custB
#  ipv4 address 10.10.0.2 255.255.255.0
#  duplex full
#  shutdown
#  dot1q native vlan 1021
# !

> - name: Delete IOS interfaces as in given arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Delete attributes of given IOS interfaces (Note: This won't delete the interface itself)
```
